How can sea captains use amphibians? As froghorns.
How did the dentist become a brain surgeon? When his drill slipped.
How many sides does a circle have? Two: an inside and an outside.
If a seagull flies over the sea, what flies over the bay? A bagel.
What city has the largest rodent population? Hamsterdam.
What colour is a belch? Burple.
What did Tarzan say to his wife? "Jane, it's a jungle out there!"
What did the alien dandelion say to the Earth dandelion? "Take me to your weeder!"
What did the guitar say to the musician? "Pick on someone your own size!"
What did the kid say when his mother poured oatmeal on him? "How can you be so gruel?"
What did the kids say when they saw Dr. Jekyll the Truant Officer coming? "Hyde! It's Dr. Jekyll!"
What did the painter say to the wall? "One more crack and I'll plaster you!"
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What do you call a man who drinks and falls off his horse? The wine-stoned cowboy.
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny.
What do you call a veterinarian with laryngitis? A hoarse doctor.
What do you call it when a walrus eats 1000 clams? A calamity.
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? A flat miner.
What do you get when you drop boiling water down a rabbit hole? Hot cross bunnies.
What do you get when you pour cement on a burglar? A hardened criminal.
What do you give a person with water on the brain? A tap on the head.
What does a spy do when he gets cold? He goes undercover.
What goes "Ha, ha, ha, plop"? A man laughing his head off.
What grows up while growing down? A goose.
What happened to the lawyer who was thrown out of a saloon? He was disbarred.
What happens to deposed kings? They get throne away.
What happens to illegally parked frogs? They get toad away.
What's a cow eating grass? A lawn mooer.
What's a three-season bed? One without a spring.
What's the motto of the ghoul's convention? The morgue the merrier.
What's the similarity between a blacksmith and a counterfeiter? They're into forgery.
Where are whales weighed? At a whale weigh station.
Where did Noah keep his bees? In the ark hives.
Where did the king put his armies? In his sleevies.
Why are meteorologists always nervous? Their future is always up in the air.
Why are there no floods in Paris? Because the water is always l'eau.
Why did the blonde throw butter out a window? She wanted to see a butterfly.
Why do ambassadors never get sick? Diplomatic immunity.
Why do people who throw away feather pillows get depressed? Their down is in the dumps.
Why isn't whispering permitted in class? Because it's not aloud.
A story about a pony on the pampas could be called "Little Horse on the Prairie".
Addition in a dark  restaurant is "dim sum".
An expert farmer is outstanding in her field.
Cannibals like to meat people.
Did you hear about the optician? Two glasses and he made a spectacle of himself.
How about the bear that was hit by an 18-wheeler and splattered all over the place? They said it was a grizzly accident.
If life is like a bowl of cherries, what's the raisin for living?
In some places fog will never be mist.
One who does magic tricks with bandages is a wizard of gauze.
Rust is edible. After all, it is a form of car-rot.
Some people say my puns are sleep-inducing, but I keep laudanum anyways.
Some river valleys are absolutely gorges.
Spanish bullfighters use Oil of Olé face cream to beat wrinkles.
The Hand family consists of 10 electricians. Their motto is "Many Hands make light work."
The Irish government is wealthy because its capital is always Dublin.
The sheep rustler who broke out of jail is now on the lam.
The truth may ring out like a bell, but it is seldom ever tolled.
We ought to rename summer "pride" because pride cometh before the fall.
When the Lord said, "Go forth, be fruitful and multiply!" He didn't necessarily have Math teachers in mind.
When the little boy was caught with his hand in the cookie jar, he said "I needed help with my homework." The reason: "God helps those who help themselves."
You can have too much of a good thing, but since most people think puns are not good things, they can't have too many of them!
What day of the year is a command to go forward? March 4th.
What four letters could end a game of hide and seek. O I C U.
What kind of coat can be put on only when wet? A coat of paint.
What turns without moving? Milk. It can turn sour.
What's the longest piece of furniture in the world? The multiplication table.
When does a boat show affection? When it hugs the shore.
When you lose something, why do you always find it in the last place you look? Because you stop looking as soon as you find it.
Why are rivers always rich? Because they have two banks.
Why did the little fella sleep on the chandelier? Because he was a light sleeper.
Why do cows wear cowbells? Because their horns don't work.
Why does lightning shock people? Because it doesn't know how to conduct itself.
Why is your hand similar to a hardware store? Because it has nails.